[DOCS] Update patching options and daal4py install guide (#880)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: daal4py/INSTALL.md

The build-process (using setup.py) happens in 3 stages:

> 1. Creating C++ and cython sources from oneDAL C++ headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating C++ and Cython sources from oneDAL C++ headers
```

> 2. Building onedal python interfaces by cmake and pybind11
> 3. Running cython on generated source
> 4. Compiling and linking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Building oneDAL Python interfaces via cmake and pybind11
3. Running Cython on generated sources
4. Compiling and linking them
```

last item requires you to specify what are you compiling and linking. I put `them` there to refer to `generated sources` from the previous item but it might be incorrect.

Author: You are right, thanks

* Jinja2
* Cython
* Numpy
* cmake and pybind11

>   * Needed for onedal Ifaces. You can disable support for onedal Ifaces by setting OFF_ONEDAL_IFACE to '1'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Needed for oneDAL interfaces. You can disable the support for oneDAL interfaces by setting OFF_ONEDAL_IFACE to '1'.
```
